# Backstory


Finally, what is your character’s backstory?


Carnon the Magus Gunslinger the Corrector Conrasu began in a small druidic grove, that begged the skies for protection. Carnon's Aeon sent them to the druids. During their time in the grove they grew their Magus powers with great success, however during their years they became curious about the stories they heard of explosions harnessed inside metal. This wasn't knowledge the druids had. Eventually, as the Grove prospered and grew his services were deemed redundant. They deciding factor was a manticore attack, a manticore that was beaten before Carnon was able to make it to the scene. They took a trophy as a reminder to keep growing. They decided the best way to serve their Aeon was to further research this stories these explosions.

His research led him to a coastal city, where they, through much persuasion managed to land an apprenticeship with a gunsmith. They learned the craft with much fervour, applying much of his Magus weapons training, and teachings the Druids gave them. They were able to create a powerful firearm that utilized the manticore trophy. During an excursion into a different city to peddle the wares their Mentor had crafted, their mentor was attacked inside of his store. 

Upon returning to their Store, Carnon found it burnt down and his mentor slain. With their great skill in Smithing, Gunnery, and the arcane Arts, Carnon was recruited into the cities Guard. This served Carnon, as they mentored under the city Investigator, who helped him pursue leads to what happened to their Mentor's store. Eventually the case had grown cold, but Carnon stayed on with the guards for several more years. 

During one investigation, the clues lead to Carnon being the perpetrator of several murders. Not being able to clear their name, Carnon fled on a ship leaving the town. They spent some months on this ship where they learned from an esoteric man the secrets that certain crystals possess. The ship eventually made port in a town/place where the character will be introduced to the party.