# Mind 

1. What is your character’s alignment? Neutral good
1. What is your character’s moral code? Limit the harm you do to others. Limit the harm others do to others. 
2. Does your character have goals? Their goals are vague, mostly to do with gaining knowledge
3. Does your character follow a God? Their Aeon
4. What God (if any) does your character follow?
5. What are your character’s personal beliefs? 
1. Does your character have any personality quirks? They speak in third person, and have no concept of gender. 
6. Are they anti-social? Not particularly, although they spent most of their years not forming personal relationships, so they're quite new to the concept. 
7. Are they Arrogant? They are confident in their abilities, but are rather good at adequately gauging their strengths against that of others.
8. Are they Optimistic? Yes. The succeeded in most of their endeavours, and the few times they failed it was not their fault. 
9. Are They Paranoid? Someone framed them for several murders in the past, and they never found out who or why, so they're rightly a little paranoid of it happening again. 
10. Why does your character adventure? They are currently on the run from a city guard, but they also want to collect knowledge for their Aeon. 
11. How does your character view his/her role as an adventurer? Their travels are a way of gaining knowledge from the world, so they accept this eagerly. 
12. How does your character get along with others? They regard people carefully, but they're rather excited to learn things about them.
13. Is there anything that your character hates? They hate disregard for the cycle of nature. 
14. Is there anything that your character fears? Malice for malice's sake. They fear who ever or whatever framed them for the murders. 