# Body

1. What does your character look like? A tall gnarled vaguely humanoid body, with a torso that expands up from the waist like a cone instead of a triangle. The head is immobile with gemstones for eyes. The torso is covered in multiple layers of metal cords, but there are two spots that reveal a smooth black surface beneath, with blue markings that look like drawn on eyes. The cords extend down their arms, ending several inches above the wrist. Below that is fabric, that hangs almost down to their knees. 
2. Gender n/a
3. Height 5feet 7 inches
4. Weight 200ish lbs. 
5. Skin colour Greys and browns, depending on how fresh the tree-like branches are.
6. Eye colour quartz
7. Hair colour na
8. Hair length na
9. Hairstyle. na 
10. Physique and body shape. Plants, tall, weird body, fake head. 
11. What additional attributes would be noticed upon meeting the character? Blue markings in between some of the metal cords across their torso, in the shape of eyes. Glue markings in the shape of glyphs around the hands. 
12. How do they Speak? In third person with a level voice, uses long words often, but not always correctly. 
13. What are their Mannerisms? They're calm and unless they're actively moving or fighting, eerily still. 
14. Does your character have any distinguishing marks? 
15. Do they have birthmarks?
16. Do they have Scars?
17. Do they have Deformities?
18. Is your character attractive? No
19. Whatever is applicable: Cock Size? Breast Size? Cock Size = 2d6 for inches. 1d10 for decimal place. If you roll 7 and 5, you get a 7.5-inch dick. 
20. Any aspects of your character that are unusual? Plants and the fake head 