#Armour and Weapons
2. What kind of weapons does your character fight with?
    1. What does your character’s weapon look like? It's a long piece of calcified flesh, with spikes coming out of the top of it. 
    2. Who made your character’s weapon? He made it himself, under the guidance of his Gunsmith mentor. 
    3. Who added the runes to your character’s weapons? Himself
    4. Who trained your character in using weapons? Himself at the start, but Opus helped hone his ability with it. 
    5. Does your character like using weapons? When needed, he has no qualms about it, but he would prefer it if all conflicts could be solved without violence. 


1. What kind of armour does your character wear? He wears metal bends that cover his torse, legs and upper arms. 
2. What does your character’s armour look like? Almost looks like metal cables spread throughout his body. 
3. Who made your character’s armour? A trader that visited his grove, and the Arch Druid bought this armour of them. 
4. Who added the runes to your character’s armour? He added them themselves. 
5. Who trained your character in wearing armour? Their training mostly comes by trial by fire.
6. Does your character like wearing armour? They've worn it most of their life, and given their lack of genitals and general lack of understanding for propriety, they don't much need other types of clothes. 
7. Magic 1. What kind of magic does your character use? Arcane magic that their Aeon nature granted them. 
9. Does your character like magic? Yes. It enables them to use a 
10. Is your character magical? Yes
11. How is your character magical? Being a splinter of an Aeon grants access to many abilities
12. Who trained your character in using weapons? The arch druid taught them the basics, trial and error taught him a lot more, Opus the Investigator taught them the rest. 
13. Does your character like using weapons? They'd prefer to solve conflicts without violence, but won't hesitate to be violent if needs be. 
14. Do you have any magical items? Staff? Wands? Spellstriker Staff, Lucky Draw Bandolier
15. Where did you get your magical items?