# Backstory
///////////////////////////////////////////////////////  

Carnon began in a small grove in Numeria. They remember the day vaguely. First there was nothing, then there was blue. A sky. There were trees. There were druids. Carnon understood their task. Protect these druids. Carnon spend the first few years of their life learning how to channel their core into magic, guided by the practises of the druids. Carnon studied voraciously, consuming any and all knowledge the druids had with great fervour, no matter how mundane. Carnon grew their livingwood body while learning from the druids, going to several iterations before one felt *right*. Once Carnon got a basic understanding of fighting and spell craft, they began on their task of protection. The enemy was dangerous, brief description of Killer Robots. But Carnon was able to attune to the forest around them, listening to nature to provide themselves advantages against these Killer. 

After several years of bouts and skirmishes with small groups of Killer, killing them became second nature. Eventually Carnon was able to keep the grove safe from these Killer without additional support. This allowed the grove to grow in number, wealth and druids. This expansion was excellent news, as it meant more knowledge to sate Carnon's thirst. A larger grove however, was also terrible news. It attracted larger squadrons of Killer for Carnon to protect the grove from. Luckily an expanding grove meant spare druids and warriors that Carnon could recruit as guardians of the grove. Carnon trained them in the ways of Killing Killer, and they grew wildly effective, working as team they could take down Killer as quickly as Carnon could. Once, during Carnon's meditation, they heard a massive wave of Killer coming to attack the grove from miles away. A massive Killer riding atop a Manticore leading the charge. With some quick wit, planning, and discipline among the ranks of the Guardians, Carnon was able to beat back the wave with a decisive victory. Carnon was able to scavenge a power core from the largest Killer, and capture a trophy of a Manticore Tail.  Arch Druid Gallrock was able to use the power core to craft the Bands of Force. 

This victory was major to the morale of the Guardians, bringing in many new recruits from the ever expanding grove. After several more years of minor, but consistent Killer attacks, Carnon had been able to train several teams of Guardians, allowing for day and night surveillance teams and back up teams ready to come in to assist the forward fighting parties. Carnon had become content with the defence of the grove, but knew that defeating the source of these Killer was the only way to ensure the safety of the grove. This caused Carnon to yearn to seek knowledge of the weapons that the Killer posses. These strange metal devices that can propel fire in front of them at incredible speeds. Carnon leaves the grove in search of a weaponsmith capable of crafting these weapons for Carnon.

Carnon finds themself in the coastal city of Korvosa, the largest city they've ever found themselves in. The city was loud, chaotic and disorganised making Carnon incredibly uneasy. This didn't deter Carnon, as if a smith existed that could craft these incredible weapons the Killer posses, they would be in a city this large. One night while Carnon was attempting to find a place to mediate, Carnon heard sounds of distress from several blocks away. Investigating they found a group of roughians harassing an older gentleman. Carnon jumped into action, killing two of the ruffians quickly and gave the older man enough of a distraction to draw his weapon, and fling metal through the bodies of the other two ruffians. This was exactly the type of weapon that Carnon was looking for. 

Through some stubbornness, including camping outside Belron's store for six months, Belron relented, and allowed Carnon to learn from him, but Carnon had to earn it like any other apprentice. For the first few year, Carnon learned very little, as most of their time was spent protecting Caravans or carrying boxes. 

Carnon spent their spare time mediating, and trying to find peace in the cacophony of a large city. During a particularly productive session, they contemplated the simple oak tree. How the roots of the tree bring water into the tree from the grounds, and pushes it to capillaries. Those capillaries are intricate, and not easy to navigate. They carry water through the entire tree, from the bark to the branches to the leaves, connecting each organ to the roots. Carnon kept that thought in their head as they followed Caravans that brought food from the docks of the city, and followed the Caravans as they toured the city, the carts breaking off from the column when they found their stop. The column toured every district in the city, including the royal quarter. 

Carnon had realised an important lesson the druids were never able to break through to them. Druids worship the nature of life, not nature itself. The city was as alive and as precious as any forest, teeming with life, creation, destruction, death, and balance. Carnon had finally found peace as they mediated that night, and was able to attune to the city. During one night, Carnon was able to hear whispers, guiding Carnon to act. From then on, Carnon spent their nights honing their ears to these whispers and following their vibrations. They lead to people in distress, be it crimes or otherwise, and Carnon spent their nights using what they learned fighting Killer, and protect innocents from killers. Carnon spent many years doing this, until they gathered the attention of an order of Hellknights, who offered an invitation to join their ranks and weed out chaos in a manner that Carnon would never be able to achieve. Carnon considered this greatly, but their thoughts remained with the grove and their quest to ensure it's safety. While this order would be great allies for them, a weakness for the Killer would not be found fighting corruption. 

Eventually Belron started to teach Carnon the arts of Gunsmithing. Carnon, the quick study they were, picked up the craft with great enthusiasm, applying some lessons the druids taught them, and the inherent Magic that Carnon was capable of. After several years of training, Carnon was ready to craft their masterpiece, perfectly combining the Crafting arts that Belron taught them, the natural arts the Druids taught them, and Carnon's own magical capabilities to create the Spike Launcher. 

Carnon continued their routine of daylight crafting and night time fighting for another year. One night Carnon had been able to stop three robberies and two assaults before returning to Belron's shop just after Dawn. When Carnon arrived, he found Belron's store burned down, and Belron nowhere to be found. A quick flame had found the stores of black powder Belron stored in their shop, and the combination brought the store to ash in moments. Carnon spent some days trying to find the culprits, when he ran afoul of the Grey Maidens, who soon after issued a warrant for the arrest of Carnon, for the charges of Arson and the Murder of Belron. Carnon evaded them for several days, but with the city under paranoia and disease, Carnon's options were highly limited. Out of options, they fled to the Citadel that housed the Order of the Hellknights, and accepted their invitation. Carnon vowed to clear their name, and root out the corruption in this city. 



The hellknights were mighty capable fighters, more so than even Carnon was. They were able to teach them how to better hone the whispers Carnon hears, and sense chaos without the need for mediation. They instructed Carnon in the arts of Gunnery until they became a master, and they taught Carnon how to infuse their inherent magic into their guns to unleash devastating effects that could topple foes with incredible ease. Carnon worked under a Hellknight named Opus, who also taught Carnon the art of deduction, and following leads. During their together, the rooted out many a evil plot and stopped several organised crime groups. They even helped to transition out Grey Maidens and introduce the new Police force of Korvosa. 

Carnon had became a master of gun and spell, and became quite proficient in hunting down trails and clues and lead. Their life had another turn in store for them, as the new queen of Korvosa re-instead the warrant for Carnon's arrest, under the same crimes. Carnon couldn't let themselves become captured and jailed while the Grove was in danger, and fled from the Hellknight, escaping to the docks and stowing on a ship that was leaving the bay. 

Carnon was soon discovered, and was not able to persuade the Captain to allow his passage. The captain, full of rage, was debating the merits of throwing Carnon overboard or turning around and turning Carnon into the Hellknights when one of the Captains guest's enter the scene. The strange esoteric fellow named Dr Buju was able to convince the captain using a magic trick that brought illusionary coins into the hat of the Captain. Grateful, Carnon joined Dr Bujo in their quarters. Dr Buju had a large amount of knowledge to bequeath upon Carnon, so Carnon stayed and learned feverishly. Carnon learned of the strange powers that stars have on the people born during certain days, and learned how to use crystals to heal disease and infection.

Eventually the ship had arrived in Riverport, and Carnon spent time aiding Dr Bujo in exchange for knowledge on the esoteric, as well as training with using crystals as a focus, specifically to focus their ability to hone into a city, and hear the city's whispers. Several months pass of this, and Carnon feels ready to seek out a new master craftsmen to learn gun craft from, to perhaps better enhance their weaponry, or find different ways to defeat the Killer, Carnon leaves the service of Dr Bujo. During their travels, Carnon is accosted by whispers coming from their crystals. Carnon follows the crystals into a cave, which led them to a different plane of existence entirely. Staying out of sight, and following the crystals further, but as they get closer the whispers fade away, and they hear fighting in around the corner. 







