#Beyond the First Level
Now find out the current campaign's current in-game year. For Doomsday Funtime it is currently 4710 AR. If your character is 25 years old, then your character was born in 4685 AR.

Take each year, put a colon and write what the character did that year, starting with their birth year. In the above example, it would go like this: 4685 AR, age 0: Born to my parents in Deep-Water. 4686 AR, age 1: The dragon attack on Deep-Water, parents are dead. ... (You would fill this in). 4705 AR, age 20: Achieved first level in rogue. 4708 AR, age 23: Joined the party.

If you have any other questions about this, please contact me on my telegram.



4402, Began in a druidic Grove. Spent time learning and expanding their consciousness with the Arch Druid. 
4402-4705 Magus Levels 1-10. 
4705 Calistril. A manticore attacks the druid grove, and is defeated before Carnon can get to it. Carnon decides their job in defending the grove is complete, as the grove has no more need of them, and decides to pursue their secondary objective, attaining knowledge. Spends time exploring the continent, searching for a gunsmith to learn from. 
4705 Neth. Finds a Gunsmith named Belron in a coastal town, starts earning the trust of Belron by protecting their store at night, after several months of this Belron decides to make better use of Carnon, and tasks them with protecting their trading Caravans. 
4706-4708 Due to their tenacity, and great ability protecting the Caravans, Belron rewards Carnon with gunsmithing lessons. They show great promise and become Belron's apprentice. Gunslinger levels 1-3
4708 Gozran. During Carnon's venture to a nearby city for trade, Belron's shop burns down while he is still inside of it. Upon Return Carnon tries to investigate the burning, but runs into the local law enforcement. An investigator takes Carnon under her wing to take advantage of their tenacity. Gunslinger levels 4-6 and gains the Investigator Archetype
4709 Gunslinger levels 7-9 Carnon continues working underneath Opus the Investigator, learning the tricks of the trade and investigations. 
4710 Calistril. Opus the investigator discovers evidence that Carnon has committed several murders throughout the city in the last year. Carnon no ability to fight this fraudulent evidence, and decides to flee the city instead of sitting in Jail. They leave the city on a large ship where they meet an esoteric man. Gunslinger level 10 and Crystal Healer feat
